1-
The opening street brawl: (Act 1, Scene 1) The play begins with a violent clash between the Montagues and Capulets, establishing the deep-seated feud between the two families.

2-
Romeo's melancholy and Benvolio's advice: (Act 1, Scene 1) Romeo, lovesick over Rosaline, confides in his friend Benvolio, who advises him to seek out other beauties.

3-
The Capulet feast: (Act 1, Scene 5) Romeo and his friends attend the Capulet feast in disguise. Romeo meets Juliet and instantly falls in love.

4-
The balcony scene: (Act 2, Scene 2) Romeo, captivated by Juliet on her balcony, overhears her speak of her love for him. They declare their love for each other.

5-
Friar Laurence's advice: (Act 2, Scene 3) Romeo seeks Friar Laurence's counsel on how to marry Juliet secretly. The Friar agrees, hoping to reconcile the two families.

6-
The secret wedding: (Act 2, Scene 6) Romeo and Juliet are secretly married by Friar Laurence.

7-
The fight between Tybalt and Mercutio: (Act 3, Scene 1) Tybalt challenges Romeo to a duel. Mercutio, Romeo's friend, intervenes and is fatally wounded by Tybalt.

8-
Romeo kills Tybalt: (Act 3, Scene 1) Enraged by Mercutio's death, Romeo kills Tybalt, leading to his banishment from Verona.

9-
Juliet's despair over Romeo's banishment: (Act 3, Scene 2) Juliet learns of Tybalt's death and Romeo's banishment, experiencing intense grief and despair.

10-
 Friar Laurence's plan: (Act 4, Scene 1) Friar Laurence devises a plan to reunite Romeo and Juliet, involving a sleeping potion that will make Juliet appear dead.

11-
Juliet's farewell to her father: (Act 4, Scene 3) Juliet bids a heartbreaking farewell to her father, pretending to accept the marriage to Paris.

12-
Juliet drinks the potion: (Act 4, Scene 3) Juliet drinks the potion, preparing for her apparent death and the reunion with Romeo.

13-
Romeo hears of Juliet's death: (Act 5, Scene 1) Romeo receives the tragic news of Juliet's death from Balthasar, believing her to be truly dead.

14-
Romeo buys poison: (Act 5, Scene 1) Overcome with grief, Romeo purchases poison from an apothecary, determined to join Juliet in death.

15-
The final scene: (Act 5, Scene 3) Romeo arrives at the Capulet tomb, finds Juliet "dead," and drinks the poison. Juliet awakens to find Romeo dead beside her and stabs herself with his dagger.